c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla.exe.config
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla.exe
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla.pdb
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\DotNetty.Buffers.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\DotNetty.Codecs.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\DotNetty.Codecs.Mqtt.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\DotNetty.Common.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\DotNetty.Handlers.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\DotNetty.Transport.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\Validation.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.xml
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.xml
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\Validation.xml
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\obj\Debug\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\obj\Debug\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla.exe
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\obj\Debug\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla.pdb
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.xml
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ashisa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\EventSenderToDevice-Farmvilla\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
