c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\farmvilla-device-emulation.exe.config
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\farmvilla-device-emulation.exe
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\farmvilla-device-emulation.pdb
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\DotNetty.Buffers.dll
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\DotNetty.Codecs.dll
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\DotNetty.Codecs.Mqtt.dll
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\DotNetty.Common.dll
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\DotNetty.Handlers.dll
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\DotNetty.Transport.dll
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.dll
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.Client.dll
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.dll
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\Validation.dll
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.xml
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.xml
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\Validation.xml
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\obj\Debug\farmvilla-device-emulation.exe
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\obj\Debug\farmvilla-device-emulation.pdb
c:\users\abnarain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\obj\Debug\farmvilla-device-emulation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\GitHub\dx.hack2\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\bin\Debug\farmvilla-device-emulation.exe.config
C:\GitHub\dx.hack2\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\obj\Debug\farmvilla-device-emulation.exe
C:\GitHub\dx.hack2\farmvilla-device-emulation\farmvilla-device-emulation\obj\Debug\farmvilla-device-emulation.pdb
